"Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn." - Gone With the Wind, 1939
At the end of the film, Clark Gable's character Rhett Butler is leaving his wife, Scarlett. Scarlett asks what she'll do with herself after he leaves--his response is this famously harsh goodbye as he walks off into the night.

"I'm going to make him an offer he can't refuse." - The Godfather, 1972
Don Vito Corleone, played by Marlon Brando, is assuring his godson Johnny that he'll get him the movie role he's after. When Johnny asks how he'll persuade the director, Vito offers this as an explanation.
Fun fact: According to IMDB, this scene has been referenced up to 150 times in other media. Fittingly, Brando won an Oscar for this performance (although he declined it).
You might also like: Top 10 Gangster Movies

"You don't understand! I coulda had class. I coulda been a contender. I could've been somebody, instead of a bum, which is what I am." - On the Waterfront, 1954
Marlon Brando plays a dockworker who lost out on a career as a prize fighter after his brother convinced him to throw a fight. This little sorrowful snippet describes the spiral his life has been in since.

"Toto, I've got a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore." - The Wizard of Oz, 1939
This movie quote is delivered by heroine Dorothy after she finds herself whisked away to the fantastical land of Oz.
Fun fact: This movie quote is maybe misquoted more often than it is quoted correctly. Most people drop the "I've got a feeling" from the line.

"Here's looking at you, kid." - Casablanca, 1942
Humphrey Bogart says this famous quote four times over the course of the film.
Fun fact: this line wasn't in the original screenplay, but was added due to a conversation between Bogart and co-star Ingrid Bergman.

"Go ahead, make my day." - Sudden Impact, 1983
This line, delivered by Clint Eastwood at the start of the film, encapsulates the machismo of Dirty Harry. Harry is taunting a robber with a hostage, hoping the robber will give him a justification for Harry to shoot him.

"All right, Mr. DeMille, I'm ready for my close-up." - Sunset Boulevard, 1950
This line is delivered by Gloria Swanson at the end of the movie, as her character hallucinates and mistakes crime scene reporters for the film crew of a movie.

"May the Force be with you." - Star Wars, 1977
This catchphrase has become a pop culture staple, after many different characters say it to wish one another good fortune.

"Fasten your seatbelts. It's going to be a bumpy night." - All About Eve, 1950
Bette Davis offers this promise of an eventful evening in a party scene that features a then-unknown Marilyn Monroe.
